You're finally here.
Killing in the Lake
Murong Yan
The rebellion cannot be affected
Hahahaha
Get out of here
I don't understand.
What magic is this woman?
Make you so cruel
Somebody take down these traitors for me
Who are you?
Dragon Temple out
Nations submit
Even if you are the general who protects the country
Also be afraid of the power of the Dragon Temple
Dragon Temple, what my Dragon Lord said is true
There is really someone from the Dragon Temple behind him
This dragon temple
The rise of troubled times was founded by the magical dragon girl
At that time, the nations were fighting
Dragon girl, ordered by the Heavenly Sword to slay the kingdoms
From now on
Oh, this world is peaceful
Dragon Girl
The royal family is alone
It hurts so much, junior sister, junior sister, junior sister
What!
Junior Sister is even the Dragon Temple today
Can't move
Arrogance
Who am I waiting for in the Dragon Temple is not as good as the four war gods
I am not qualified to meet the Dragon Lady
But it's more than enough to kill a general
Three kills follow orders
Take this woman down for me
Shattered corpse